# Data Migration Centre
An ABAP application for uploading the data from legacy systems to SAP with the usage of various BDC techniques.

# Necessary steps

---
In order to check its possibilities, one needs to move the code into the SAP system as follows:
- in SE38 transaction, a new application needs to be created and named DATA_MIGRATION_CENTRE.
- the code from the "main" file needs to be copied into the editor.
- every single one of the "includes" needs to be double clicked - SAP will attempt to thus create the files.
- the code from each of the files from the "include" directory needs to be placed in the appropriate INCLUDE within our program - "sel" within
DATA_MIGRATION_CENTRE_SEL, "def" within DATA_MIGRATION_CENTRE_DEF and so forth. 
- in ABAP programs, the names of screen elements such as blocks, frames, parameters, radiobuttons or pushbuttons or usually stored outside of the source code. Due to the lack of possibility to include a SAP tool for storing these texts - they have been placed as comments within the "sel" include - as there are the elements to which they refer. In order for the program to process the names properly, one needs to select "Go to" option from the SAP GUI's menu, proceed to "Text elements" and place both the name of the element and its name there. "Symbol" column should contain the name of the element and "Text" column should contain what one wants to be displayed in the Selection Screen for the particular element.
- much like the names of the screen's elements, the messages displayed to the user of the program are stored outside of the source code - within the appropriate message class. Thus, here they are stored within a comment section in the "imp" include. In order to have the application process them correctly, they need to be moved to their own message class. It is thus required to go to SE91 transaction, provide the name of the program in the input box and create the new message class. In the "Attributes" tab one is required to provide the short description of the message class. It is good practice to simply write it is a message class for <our program's name>. Next one needs to move to the "Messages" tab. The column "Message" should contain the number of the message and the column "Message Short Text" - the text, both according to what's prepared in the aformentioned comment section.
- the Call Transaction migration technique and the Session migration technique require an additional Module Pool program in order to function properly. It needs to be created in the SE80 SAP transaction. One needs to go to SE80 and create a new program with the TOP INCLUDE, it's 'Type' being 'Module Pool'. Then one needs to create a screen (100), its 'Screen Type' being 'Normal'. Then move to the 'Layout' so as to design the screen's layout. In this screen three fields are required- 'kunnr', 'land1' and 'name1' of the table KNA1 so one needs to choose GoTo -> Secondary Window -> Dictionary/Program Fields and provide the name of KNA1, take the three required fields and
place them in the screen. Now commence forth to create three buttons and draw them beneath the screen fields. The first one's name is 'B1', text 'Insert' and function code 'FC1', the second one is 'B2', 'Exit' and 'FC2' and the third 'B3', 'Cancel' and 'FC3'. The third is to act as a cancel button and so one also needs to set the 'FctType' (function type) property to 'E Exit command' - this will allow for the performing of a forecfull exit which means that even a failure to provide the obligatory input fields with values will not prevent the end-user from leaving the program. Now the logic of the Module Pool Program needs to be created. For this reason one needs to access the flow logic section of screen 100 and add here the code from the comment section of the 'imp' INCLUDE - from the "Screen 100 Flow Logic" section.
